Add information about the produce + encourage user to use sekoia io f… (#1827)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/network/forcepoint_web_gateway.md

### Prerequisites

> An internal syslog concentrator is required to collect and forward events to Sekoia.io. We highly recommand you to use the [Sekoia.io Forwarder](/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/syslog/sekoiaio_forwarder/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An internal syslog concentrator is required to collect and forward events to Sekoia.io. We highly recommand you to use the [Sekoia.io Forwarder](/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/syslog/sekoiaio_forwarder/).
```

> An internal syslog concentrator is required to collect and forward events to Sekoia.io. We higly recommand you to use the [Sekoia.io Forwarder](https://docs.sekoia.io/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/syslog/sekoiaio_forwarder/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An internal syslog concentrator is required to collect and forward events to Sekoia.io. We highly recommand you to use the [Sekoia.io Forwarder](/xdr/features/collect/ingestion_methods/syslog/sekoiaio_forwarder/)
```
